I told you that the game would start, Sanji.
It's not decided that you will make a profit.
You may lose the original child.
I was thinking of a business that would not lose.
What is it?
There are many workplaces in Tokyo, and I'm sure you'll get a lot of money.
I'd like you to sell me a lot of money.
Oh, I see.
That's good.
If it's a lot of money, it's light, so I'll give it to you.
I have a lot of money, so I'll take it.
I don't care if you get the money I gave you.
I'll make it a month.
I'll take it and sell it right away.
I don't need it.
I'll just do it.
I don't need the money.
No, no, no.
I don't want to do that.
Why are you so arrogant?
I've never been this poor.
I'm going to be a great leader.
I'll give you a big one.
I used to sell the cup I made for free.
I don't want to do that.
I want to say that.
I'm going to sell you a lot of money.
I'll sell it.
I'll pay you every day.
I'll tell you to go to the front.
I'll tell you to go to the back.
Now?
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm going to tell you the price of the cup.
You're going to be hit.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to tell you to go to the front.
I'm going to tell you how much you can buy.
How much do you want?
I'll buy it for 8 coins.
8 coins for 100 yen?
I don't need the money.
8 coins for 100 yen.
It's going to be a terrible thing.
I'll get 16 coins for half a day.
I can make a profit by selling it.
No one can make a profit.
Don't get stale clothes.
I can't afford to lose.
I have stale clothes behind my Hardcore party,
because I'm coming to Kametankubo.
My mom and I are in trouble.
If I don't give my mother medicine at the end,
Women in government buy our gara.
I'll bring it back to you.
I'll do it.
The shop is full of two sisters.
The sister's back and the pillar are out of sight.
The parents are standing in front of the table.
A lot of girls and boys are working.
Be careful.
Nao, you're the only one who can fix it.
What's the matter?
It's a bow, isn't it?
If you're going to put a bow on it, bring it here.
It's a needle.
You shouldn't use a needle as a
handkerchief.
When you work, you put a needle in and out.
When you put a needle in and out, you know that the needle is not enough.
Who is it?
Who is it? Don't peek from there.
The girl who comes to the bow training at my house.
I'll bring water.
Bring water.
Who is it?
Is it Sanji?
If it's you, it's okay.
Thank you for watching.